Looks tempting, but you do not want to swim inside.
It's dark, lonely water.
It looks toxic blue, which is. It's lazy, it has a pH above 11, it would be like swimming
in diluted bleach. It is not enough to cause injury on the spot, but enough that over time
it exfoliates skin and eyes. Suffice to challenge the problems day-two later.
The feeling would be as if you were soaking with soap and you did not wash it, but let it dry.
That lumpiness comes from limestone. This is an old limestone quarry that emits crystals
calcium in water. Can not be emptied, where would you drop the water? That would only
harms local water. Then the rain would fill the lagoon again and become toxic.
Only a fool would ignore this,
but one is born every minute.
For a while, this was not Blue Lagoon, this was Black Lagoon. That black color is not
it was dangerous, it caused the color that the local council put in. It was harmless. But that blue:
it calls for swimming. The black lagoon, with the dye, was equally toxic, equally damaging,
equally likely to cause the disease. It was equally likely to give you a nasty fungus
infection a few days later because you blew a part of your body accidentally, but blue water:
Reminds of the tropical sea, the sun, the holidays. Black water?
Oh, no, we do not want to swim in that.
The coloring of this water in black was a genius idea. It has done more than ever could be a sign
warning. And that meant that many people did not become sick of swimming.
But 2015 is: Blue Lagoon is blue again, and I guarantee that this summer is someone
bleed.
Translation: Borka223